>> Brian Holt: So, let's go see
what that looks like over here.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna write a function
called nextFrame, cuz we're gonna have
some sort of ticking thing of some
function that's going to run.
So, function nextFrame.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna say,
const now = Date.now.
>> Brian Holt: And then I'll say, for.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, okay, for(let i =
0; i < moles.length; i++).
>> Brian Holt: Well, yeah,
I guess that's what we have to do as well.
>> Brian Holt: If.
>> Brian Holt: (RunAgainAt >= now),
then we're gonna
do another check.
>> Brian Holt: RunAgainAt,
we're just gonna have equal to,
let runAgainAt = Date.now,
let's do a check every 100 milliseconds.
Since there's not a lot of going on in
this game, we can check pretty frequently.
So we're gonna check every 100
milliseconds, or every 10th of a second.
RunAgainAt, so, once you've gotten past
the point where now is greater than
runAgainAt, so it is this way,
so this is right.
Let me make sure that I'm doing
this correctly, because I might.
This is one of those things where
you're just gonna have to guess and
check [LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: Let's do this, okay.
>> Brian Holt: Console.log('now').
And then, if that happens,
then you're gonna say,
runAgainAt = now + 100.
Just coming back over here, run.
>> Brian Holt: And then you have to run
it for the first time as well, nextFrame.
>> Brian Holt: And
then you have to do requestAnimationFrame.
Sorry, requestAnimationFrame(nextFrame).
>> Brian Holt: Or let's,
what happens if you do this 1,000?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, okay, that is right.
So.
>> Brian Holt: The idea is,
here with requestAnimationFrame is that,
you are giving a function to the browser
and saying, when you're not doing
anything, next time you have
an idle second, run this function.
So you're more or less guaranteeing that
you're not interrupting something else,
that's the point of requestAnimationFrame
versus setInterval.
It does not matter what the browser's
doing, after 1,000 milliseconds it's gonna
run that function, it's going to
interrupt whatever was happening.
The user could be scrolling or
something bad, lots of bad things can
happen if you setInterval in that way.
It can seem like your interface
is a little more janky.
So, what I'm doing here with
this if runAgainAt <= now,
I'm basically guaranteeing that this block
is only gonna run every 100 milliseconds.
Because I don't want it
to run every millisecond,
I want it to run every 100 milliseconds.
So, what I'm doing here is, I'm saying.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I guess,
it's useful if I can demonstrate it here.
>> Brian Holt: So if I say Date.now, and
then I call it again later,
this number gets bigger over time.
Cuz you're adding more and
more milliseconds over time.
So what I'm saying here is,
once that number becomes
bigger than runAgainAt,
then run the function again, and
I'm putting runAgainAt 100
milliseconds into the future.
>> Speaker 2: And is Date.now updating?
When is now?
[LAUGH]
No.
>> Brian Holt: So Date.now is,
how many milliseconds it's
been since January 1st, 1970.
So that number is constantly getting
larger and larger, and larger.
So, what I'm just saying is, Date.now is
this number I'm putting 100 milliseconds
in the future, once Date.now gets past
that number, then run that function again.
So we're capturing date.now
in this runAgainAt.
So this is now, at this moment in time,
then when the function runs again,
this now is updated to a new value, and
we're comparing it to what it
was last time I called it.
>> Speaker 2: Last time you called it?
>> Brian Holt: Last time I set it rather,
cuz notice,
this is inside the if statement.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so
first you're setting runAgainAt, and
then you're calling it
again within itself?
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm.